Random process:
   Any process or event or experiment with `uncertain outcomes`.
   Why the outcome is uncertain?
      Our knowledge about the outcome is limited.
   
Probability:
   Mathematical framework that allows us to `describe` and
   `analyze` random phenomena.
   - measure of how like the event is 


Random variable:
   Is a Real-valued function that assigns a numerical value to each 
   possible outcome of the random experiemnt
   Quantifing the random process outcome,giving a number to each outcome
   Example:
     Rolling two dice, Random variable X could represent the sum of the
     outcomes from the two dice
     X could hold 36 values they are all random
   

PMF or CFD:
 Probability mass function, cumulative distribution function
 - Functions describe the distribution of random variables 

CFD can be defined for any kind of random variables (discrete, continous, mixed)
but PMF is defined only for discrete random variables

for continuous random variables we use PDF( Probability density function)
CFD for PMF is discontinous function.
CFD for PDF is continous function


PMF is probability, where as PDF is the density not probability 



Statitical Inference
--------------------
 is a "collection of methods" that deal with drawing conclusions
 from data that are prone to random variation.

 General setup for a statistical inference problem:
      There is a unknown quantity that we would like to estimate from the data.

   Two approaches for estimating unknown quantity:
     1. Frequentist ( classical) inference

        Assumption: unknown quantity assumed to be fixed quantity, and deterministic (non-random).
        Deals with estimating non-random quantities, but sampling is random phenomena

     2. Baysian Inference
        Assumption: unknown quantity is assumed to be a random variable, and we 
        assume that we have some initial guess about the distribution of unknown
        quantity. After observing the data, we update the distribution of unknown
        quantify using bayes rule.





Hypothesis testing:
	- Defined for discreate random variables
	- Aim at small probability of incorrect decision
Estimation:
        - Defined for continous random variables
        - aim at a small estimation error interval



sampling distribution vs likelihood:
---------------------------------
+ sampling distribution:
	- before knowing the data, we write the prob distribution for data given parameters
        - thinking of distribution for data
+ likelihood
        - given data (sample data), we write the prob (no distribution) of data given parameters

